Add guide for installing other versions of Ribasim (#2906)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/dev/release.qmd

Only update the lines in `pixi.lock` that refer to Ribasim packages, to avoid accidentally changing the version number of dependencies that happen to have the same version number.
Don't change the old version numbers in `changelog.qmd`.

::: {.callout-important}

> Always update the example version numbers in `docs/guide/installing-other-versions.qmd` to refer to the latest release candidate and never to a stable release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: {.callout-important}
Always update the example version numbers in `docs/guide/installing-other-versions.qmd` to refer to the latest pre-release and never to a stable release.

When replacing a pre-release, make sure to also replace the version without the hyphen before `rc`.
```
